kiman is 12 he's already been a day and
now a free
prisoner handcuffed and transferred
between Israeli interrogation centers an
experience Way Beyond his
years I saw a DT with blood on his face
they kept me in a room threatened me and
showed me two videos they said if you
throw stones at the Israeli soldiers
this will be your
fate I asked if these are the videos he
says yes they show the moments
8-year-old Adam and 15-year-old basil
Abul waa were shot both were killed in
Janine in the north of the occupied West
Bank the same day Kim was arrested at
home he's received as a
hero he shows relatives the marks of
mistreatment but some of them cannot be
seen I asked the Israeli Captain how
could he interrogate a g without his
parents or a lawyer 17 years old must be
accompanied by a lawyer imagine what
it's like for a 12-year-old they took
him without me his father or a
lawyer the family said the Israeli
soldiers raiding the jalone refugee camp
came to Kim's grandmother looking for
him when they came to detain the other
teenagers they searched his uncle's
house and the other uncle's house too we
asked the Army what do you want and they
said Kim Kim all of this for Kim
this little
boy the next day Israeli interrogators
told his fathers to hand Kim in or
else Israel arrests children as young as
12 and prosecutes them in military
courts the main charge is throwing
stones since October the 7th more than
3,500 Palestinians have been detained
many are
children Palestinians say the Israeli
goal is to instill fear and control as
his mother tries to send a message to
the resistance factions in Gaza Karim
whispered and
warned the Israelis might come back for
him they've done it once before nid
ibraim Al jaaz Al jalon refugee camp the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer